A few days ago
I am here! Like I am every day!
Detective Tsukauchi...
and the principal, too?
Are you here about Aoyama?
And what comes after.
Right now, we are only telling
a select number of people.
First, there is the fact that currently,
the pro heroes are searching
high and low for All For One,
but their chances of finding
him seem very low.
Bakugo said something like that, too...
But to hear it all laid out like that...
Does it mean there's no point?
No, it's the opposite. It'll tie
together with Eraser's plan.
As Class A's homeroom
teacher, I have an idea.
With Mr. Aizawa's plan...
In order to draw out a cunning coward,
you have to slowly soften his heart.
So pretend like "We've searched
desperately but still can't find him.
What the hell, scum?"
That's an interesting way to put it.
We'll proceed on the assumption
that Search is working.
All For One should be minutely
aware of all our movements.
We'll show him that our efforts
since Midoriya's return
are resulting in frustration
and exhaustion.
We'll make him think we're making
one bad move after another
and make him feel good thinking everything
is going according to his plan.
We'll use Eraser's plan to
use the informant, Aoyama,
to lure All For One somewhere.
We're trying to increase that
plan's chances of success.
Then, Aoyama is--
I'm so glad!
Aoyama...!
Excuse me, but what about
what Aoyama's father said?
If we failed, we would be killed.
If we lied, we would be killed.
That's what he said.
If we don't know how he
can tell what is a lie,
then isn't there still some danger
to Aoyama and his family?
We have a plan for that, too.
According to Mr. and Mrs. Aoyama,
All For One only contacts
them through a voice call.
They have no written contact.
He likely has many other such "friends,"
so I don't think he scrutinizes everything
they say carefully before acting.
His system can probably tell immediately
by their voices if someone is lying.
Therefore, if there is
no lie in that audio,
then he can show up without fear.
That's why we'll use Aizawa's idea,
and use HIM!
C'mon!
Hey.
Shinso!
Your costume's so cool!
I was surprised when I heard the
details of the plan from Mr. Aizawa.
Because during the combat battles...
However, I cannot make the
person I brainwash talk.
Also, orders that require
them to think won't work.
I thought that was what you said.
Look at this mess.
I thought I'd be transferring
to the hero course in April
and competing with you all.
I kept training to improve my
Quirk so I could do that,
but I didn't think we wouldn't be
able to move on to the next grade.
Improve your Quirk? So you really can...?
Yeah, I can do it.
If I control Aoyama and his
parents and make them talk,
then neither my will nor their
feelings will get in the way.
Wow!
But in order to do that,
it's harder to activate.
You're amazing!
Thanks, Shinso!
Will you be in Class A? Class B?
Join Class A! A!
What's your hero name?
They're so cheerful...
What's with these guys?
Shinso was able to train his
Quirk thanks to Aizawa's help.
Mr. Aizawa really is amazing!
By the way, Shinso doesn't have
his provisional license yet,
but since it's an emergency,
we got special permission from
the acting chairman, Mera.
Whoa!
But isn't the problem what comes next?
We're supposed to lure out the villains
and round them all up at once?
Is that possible?
Even if there are less heroes now,
if a large number of us
gather in one place,
then won't that give us away?
It'll be fine if they aren't there.
In order to make that work, there's
another key person we need.
This is a request from All
Might and the others.
This is a crucial job.
Can you do it...
Phantom Thief?
"You have a few days to Copy this
person's Quirk and learn to use it."
Are you kidding?
Sorry.
My voice didn't reach him.
Tell me! Who altered you?!
I am Kurogiri, the protector
of Tomura Shigaraki.
You were in Class 2-A at U.A. High School!
We were all going to become heroes!
You're Oboro Shirakumo!
Besides, we still don't know if this
guy is Kurogiri or Shirakumo.
I've lost one eye, and my
Erasure is barely working.
In the next battle,
I won't be able to do anything.
I heard that at Jaku,
without Eraser Head, we
would've been wiped out.
I was always told as a kid
that I couldn't be a
superhero with my Quirk.
That it was a Quirk for a side character...
Monoma.
This plan won't work if
we're missing anyone.
I can bring him out. Just tell me when.
There are no side characters here.
Up until now...
And from now on...
You're the star!
I'm pulling the strings!
Division
As expected, he brought
a large army with him.
All squads, move!
If he gets One For All, then there's no
need for him to run and hide anymore!
We'll end it here...
and this is where we're planning to start!
Dabi.
Don't tell me what to do, Leader!
I didn't think I'd get to see you here,
Dad!
But first, a funeral for your friends?
I won't let you,
idiot brother!
Shoto!
You're gathering in droves...
Are you planning a free-for-all here?
Activate Operation Troy!
Cages?
You think these'll hold us?
They should know that these will
be torn apart in a second.
So why did they use it
at such a large scale?
It'll work this time, All Might.
It's a plan we all refined together.
I'm sure it'll go well.
We weren't able to bring him down before.
Your stomach was gouged out.
But you and I are both still alive!
We can do it this time, All Might!
Yeah.
I see, All Might.
I know what you're after.
Away from U.A., away from
the makeshift fortress.
We needed to do all this!
To make you overconfident
and draw you out.
And then--
I'm pulling the strings!
Now, everyone!
Get in there!
You're trying to split us up!
Neito Monoma
The cage is moving?
You think these things will hold us?!
Break them.
Hurry.
Cages like this...
...won't last three seconds!
Those three seconds...
...were what we wanted!
We just need three seconds.
Limit their movements...
and split them up.
We'll get the first move by seconds!
Deku!
Right!
It's all to make you go through
the warp gates at the same time
and make sure to split you up!
I'm pulling the strings!
This is stupid!
How much money did you waste just
to do this, you money worshippers?!
Well, we have a countermeasure
against Shigaraki's Decay, too!
You just keep brazenly showing up,
but we'll send you scattering!
What... the...?
We can do this!
Get 'em!
Huh?
De--
Fat!
Get the ones who're left! Take command!
I'm leaving Young Aoyama to you!
Roger!
"We will defeat you here!"
That was a good bluff!
M-M-M-Merci!
Young Monoma, return to Aizawa!
Yup.
We've successfully split them up!
We will now move on to Phase 2!
Gunga Villa Site
This is...
Welcome!
Gunga Villa...
I see.
Sorry, Endeavor.
I guess he's not going to come wearing
stuff that I can cut through.
Don't worry. I wasn't expecting you to.
We figured out that the sludgy Warp you have
is a lesser version of Kurogiri's
at the battle in Camino.
The warping distance is much shorter,
and you can't warp yourself.
The U.A. Barrier was also strengthened
to account for that.
This is all a result of your conceit,
the consequences of your own actions!
Splitting us up and
attacking us separately.
It's a great plan!
But you need to take into consideration
whether or not you can win.
Even if you split up your forces
because you've lost so many heroes,
you really are a cruel man, Endeavor.
Did you pit One For All against Tomura?
That's a huge risk.
Moreover,
Camino Ward
there's the cruelest matchup of all--
Putting your youngest child in the difficult
situation of cleaning up your mess,
and continuing the abuse
against your eldest!
We've split up the villains
according to plan!
It appears the fighting has
commenced at each location.
The real battle starts now, All Might.
Yeah.
Sky above U.A. High
U.A.?
What is this place?
Denim Head, this is bad!
They got us!
Deku's--
Okuto Island
Deku's not here!
Deku?!
Why?
Shouldn't you be with Shigaraki?
Danger Sense didn't activate...!
Himiko Toga...
Deku's not here?
What happened?
I don't know!
He was pulled somewhere else!
I-I-Isn't this bad?
Without him, we can't fight
like we were planning.
We have to tell the others!
Whatever, let's just do this!
It's already started--
The fight against the greatest
villain in recorded history!
The ground's so far down...
I'm in the sky.
Floating.
No Jailbreakers or Front
members were brought here.
Just me.
Oh well.
Don't get in my way this time, Me.
An electromagnetic barrier!
My body's getting stiff.
But--
Whoa, there!
You're fraying apart!
As long as you're moving with
your brain and muscles,
a strong electrical current running
through your body will stiffen you up.
No matter how strong you are,
it'll work for at least a second!
Blocks from the ground fly up
and disintegrate in the sky...
They installed this to prevent
Decay from spreading, huh?
But--
That will lead to your ruin.
Jeanist.
We're floating in the sky, right?
If you use up your ground that fast,
your precious stage will disappear!
No need to worry.
We have plenty of raw material.
Don't you understand yet, Shigaraki?
Has your brain short-circuited?
Coffin in the Sky
This place was created to defeat you--
the Coffin in the Sky!
Plates F10-35 and G10-45 have been damaged.
Okay, we'll replace them right away!
Let's go, everyone!
Okay!
Parts please.
Um, what was your name again?
Creaty.
My friends call me Yao-momo!
Please call me what you wish.
With your widespread attacks
that cause instant death
and speed of All Might at his peak,
we needed to figure out
where to detain you.
The two battles we fought against you
after you awakened showed us the way.
That's pretty good.
Let's make it fly!
A mere 16-year-old girl made this possible.
The evacuation system
suggested by the principal
was added to the countermeasures
against Decay.
Splitting the area blocks
into even smaller sections
and turning them into drones
with an upgraded program.
There weren't enough raw materials due
to the collapse of the supply chain,
it needed to be constructed
in a short timeframe,
and a lot of energy was needed for its
movement and the electromagnetic barrier.
Wow! Manga, isn't this crazy?
You feeling it?
It's like I'm screaming "Whoa!"
Whoa
First years! Focus!
We're basically second years,
though. Right, Manga?
We're the cornerstones!
Let's do our best so we can
keep Shigaraki locked up!
Yeah!
Charge your best, Chargebolt!
Everything that we've done up until now
is powering this coffin!
It's not for fame or glory.
We are just doing this because
we want to protect the future.
We are the ones
who will stop your destruction!
It's time to stop showing off your toys.
With a shock wave...
It's no use!
Did you forget the shitty
game we played at Jaku?
My Quirk...
You don't like Erasure,
right, Mr. Last Boss?
Don't move. You'll be out of position.
I can't move, but as long as I
keep contact with him like this,
Monoma can use Copy past his
limit of five minutes.
We were supposed to create an advantageous
situation for Midoriya like this
with him at the center of the operation.
But...
This is bad. Midoriya's not here.
On top of that,
back then, Shigaraki's
body wasn't complete.
Dynamight, what's that?
What can you tell us?
Dunno! Never seen it--
I thought you were cool...
I'm really disappointed,
Eraser Head.
Preview
Here's the preview!
The intense decisive battle continues.
Even though the heroes' plan to
separate the villains succeeded,
I was the only one who didn't end
up where I was supposed to be.
Get back, Izuku Midoriya!
To protect everyone!
Next time, "Inflation."
That girl sings of love
in the midst of war.
Next time: Inflation
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!